docs(hook):Add documentation and example of Access Hooks (#1160)
dynaconf/dynaconf: docs/dynamic.md

    if isinstance(result.value, str) and result.value.startswith("@special:"):
        _, path, identifier = result.value.split(":")
        # value = get_value_from_special_place(path, identifier)
        value = CACHE[key] = "lets believe it was retrieved from special place"
        return value

    return result

# ---

from dynaconf import Dynaconf
from dynaconf.hooking import HookableSettings, Hook, Action

# Create a Dynaconf instance
settings = Dynaconf(
    # set the Hookable wrapper class
    _wrapper_class=HookableSettings,
    # Register your hooks, you can have AFTER_GET, BEFORE_GET
    # you can have multiple hooks, value passes from one to another
    _registered_hooks={
       Action.AFTER_GET: [Hook(get_data_from_somewhere)]
    },
)

# this value can actually come from settings files or envvars
settings.set("token", "@special:/vault/path:token")

assert settings.token == "lets believe it was retrieved from special place"

# from cache this time
assert settings.token == "lets believe it was retrieved from special place"
```

### Merging with access hooks

When the `result.value` is a mergeable data structure like `dict` or `list`

> and you want the merging to be applied then the hook must use the `settings`
> to wrap the result value and process the merging before returning.

Reviewer: Non-blocking: I think this is more explicit, though it's non-blocking because I think the example is quite self explanatory.

```suggestion
and you want the merging to be applied, then the hook must delegate the merging
to the given `settings` by `set`ing the result (which will perform the merging)
and returning the result of `get`ing the setting from the given `settings`.
```
